# Sertis Crypto Exchange Client

A Python library for buying and selling cryptocurrencies by pair across multiple exchanges.
Built for [Sertis Corp](https://www.sertiscorp.com) as part of their interview process.


## Features:
- Supports kraken-futures and binance spot exchanges
- Simple to extend, adding exchanges, pairs, and order types
- Place and monitor market buy/sell orders
- Normalized OHLC data across exchanges

## Installation:
Run `poetry build` to build the package and then `pip install dist/sertis_crypto_exchange_client-0.1.0-py3-none-any.whl` to install it.

```python
>>> from scec import Broker
>>> Broker()
<scec.broker.Broker object at 0x104e6e7e0>
```

## Usage:
See the [docs](docs.md) for autogenerated documentation on the broker and exchange classes.
See [examples](examples) for usage example - buying and selling across multiple exchanges and pairs.

#### Demo Accounts
Sign up for a demo Kraken Futures account over at https://demo-futures.kraken.com - then create an API and Secret Key

A demo binance account can be created at https://testnet.binance.vision/

## Development:
- Be sure to run `poetry install` to install the development dependencies.
- Install `poethepoet`  in your environment to run tasks with `poe <task>`.
- Run `poe test` or `poetry run pytest --cov` to run tests and check coverage. 
Example test output:
```shell
---------- coverage: platform darwin, python 3.12.2-final-0 ----------
Name                               Stmts   Miss  Cover
------------------------------------------------------
scec/__init__.py                       2      0   100%
scec/broker.py                        42      3    93%
scec/exchanges/__init__.py             4      0   100%
scec/exchanges/base.py                94      8    91%
scec/exchanges/binance.py             46      0   100%
scec/exchanges/exceptions.py          14      0   100%
scec/exchanges/kraken_futures.py      67      7    90%
------------------------------------------------------
TOTAL                                269     18    93%
```

### PoeThePoet:
[PoeThePoet](https://github.com/nat-n/poethepoet) or `poe` is a simple taskrunner compatible with pyproject.toml, you can
run common tasks easily by running `poe <task>` - think of it like `npm run <task>`

To be able to run tasks you can install PoeThePoet with `pip install poethepoet` and then run `poe` to a see a list of
configured tasks.


### Adding an Exchange:
Please implement all abstract methods from the `scec.exchanges.CryptoCurrencyExchange` class and add tests for the
exchange under `scec.tests.exchanges`

## Caveats:
- This library is not production-ready and should not be used for trading real money.
- The library is not optimized for speed or memory usage.
- Ideally the library would spin up another thread and constantly listen to websocket updates for orderbook changes, this
  is not implemented however due to time-constraints.
- No CI pipeline as of yet, but tests, linting, and type checking are easily run locally!
